Okay, we have 90 seconds
before Demetrius Pertz
walks into this park
with a briefcase
of weapons-grade uranium.
-Whoa.
-Yes.
Smith, the rendezvous point
is there, by that fountain.
You have the untraceable
South African Krugerrands
to make the exchange?
Where will the support
team be, sir?
We'll be in the last place
he expects --
that bush.
Holding the last thing
he expects --
this net I bought
at True Value hardware.
Now, this could be
our only chance.
Pertz can smell a rat
through a lead wall.
Is that
a real expression?
Great question, Smith!
Bush squad, mount up!
-Hey!
-Sorry, señor.
This is my spot.
Well, not today.
Just go over there.
This is always my spot.
It was my grandfather's spot,
my father's spot.
I hope, one day,
to be my son's spot.
Well, your son's gonna
be selling fruit to mutants
if I don't stop
this uranium dealer.
My son?
No!
Go on,
get out of here!
Whoa.
That was weird.
I said,
"Get out of here"!
What the hell
is happening?
Smith,
I have eyes on Pertz.
Are you in position?
No.
But let me explain why.
Damn it, Smith,
get out of here!
Get out of here!
I know this doesn't
make any sense,
but suddenly I don't
want to be alone.
I can't be alone.
♪
You're blowing it, Smith.
You're blowing
the whole mission.
♪
He has a jet pack!
Get the net!
♪
Smith, you idiot.
You let Pertz get away.
You, however, captured 30
guava, my favorite fruit.
I may have another mission
for you.
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shinin' a salute
to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ Good -- ♪
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
Aah!
♪
Honestly, sir, I don't know
what made me feel
so clingy before,
but I'll be fine.
No, no.
I am fine.
Are you, Smith?
Because you're taking
a shit with me.
Ha! Yes, I am.
You made my net
look like a fool.
Get out of here!
I don't want to go.
You need to sort this out.
I can't have you blowing
another mission.
Now, hand me
that stack of paper.
What are these?
These are tweets
from my haters.
I use them for toilet paper
to remind myself
they can't get to me.
Take that,
@DominosPizza.
You did this to yourself.
♪
Oh ho!
Epic fail!
Should we be following him?
Are we -- are we sure we want
to make that our thing?
I mean, sometimes it feels
like we only
get to do
one fun thing a week.
True.
Do we really want to put
all of our energy and creativity
into whatever the hell
Klaus has going on?
It will probably be funny.
Oh, Gwen Stefani,
Gwen Stefani.
No Doubt, No Doubt.
See? Like that.
Do we want to pour that kind
of magic into Klaus' shit soup?
"F" it, I'll do it.
-Yeah, me too.
-What the hell.
I'm not gonna commit
quite yet.
I've been planting a lot
of seeds, socially,
and I just know that
as soon as I'm unavailable,
everybody's gonna
want a piece of me.
Social butterfly,
that's who I'll be.
Spreading his wings.
Should probably eat something
while I have time,
before it gets crazy.
♪
I'd like to know
a little more
about these flashbacks
you've been having.
I'm sorry, Dr. Ray.
It's just, dude,
I saw you die.
Right, right.
You say we had both been
miniaturized, was it?
And my head was bitten off
by a giant ant?
The ant wasn't giant,
it was normal size.
We were very small.
What are you writing?
Oh, I just drew a little
picture of a nut.
Your separation anxiety
has severely compromised
your ability
to do your job.
So no more talk about a wild
C.I.A. shrink ray
or some fantastical
clone technology
that could bring
a dead man back to life.
Let's be in the real world,
where I hook you up
to a mental visualizer
that will print a photo
of your thoughts.
It won't... I-I can't...
I don't see him.
Then forget it.
You're wasting my time.
Go away!
Here's your man.
Oh, my God!
It's Curly Neal, sir,
the legendary
Harlem Globetrotter.
Somehow, he's responsible
for my separation anxiety.
Listen, Smith, I'm still
upset about Demetrius Pertz.
He made it to U.S. soil,
where the C.I.A.
can't operate
because of craven
judicial overreach.
-You mean laws?
Okay, you're in a mood.
I'm gonna go deal
with this.
♪
All right.
Klaus, what's going on?
Yeah, dazzle us, fish.
I have a website.
Klaustastrophe.tv.
It's where I document
all the epic fails around me.
See?
Forgot my keys.
Gesundheit.
-Actually, that was a cough.
-Oh.
Klaus, do you even know
what an epic fail is?
Yeah, Klaus, I was just
crying about my life.
It's not that big a deal.
Steve was right to hold out
for something better.
Why?
What's he got going on?
He's going to
Rhode Island with Stan
to see
the Harlem Globetrotters.
Goddamn Klaus.
♪
Best day ever.
First we got to fly
Southwest Airlines
in boarding group "C"
for cool.
That's what it stands for.
Now we're gonna watch some
former junior college ball hogs
light it up
in the same building
that, just 24 hours
from now, will host
Sesame Street on Ice.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the world-famous
Harlem Globetrotters.
The road to Curly
starts here.
Here they come!
To answer for their sins.
They're amazing, Steve!
At keeping secrets.
I'll kill them
if I have to!
Wrong voice.
Hey, guys, how about joining
us for a magic circle?
Not the first time
I've gotten that invitation
from a gentleman.
Whew.
Your turn, pops.
No, wait,
I don't know how to...
♪
Aah!
Don't get me wet!
It's not water.
It's a miracle!
Go on, Stan, we don't
want you anymore.
That's it.
When I was 9 years old,
I went to Globetrotters camp.
I had the best month of my life.
And then, for no reason,
they kicked me out.
Wow, that's rough.
But are you too upset
to take a half-court shot
for a lifetime supply
of Little Debbie products?
Give me the rock.
Swish.
♪ All I do is win, win, win ♪
♪ No matter what ♪
♪ Got money on my mind,
I can never get enough ♪
♪
I need some answers.
You missed the shot.
You don't get the food.
No. Why did Curly
and the Globetrotters
kick me out of camp?
How long ago was this?
34 years.
I'm 24.
I would have been
minus 10 years old.
That's a small number.
That's a small integer.
Junior college
is still college.
All right.
Time to hit the showers.
And don't just sprinkle
water on your hair.
I'll be able to tell.
These kids don't know
where to find Curly,
but I do.
♪
It's just
a little further.
Couldn't you have just
written these directions down?
Ooh!
Am I such bad company?
Well, good luck
finding him yourself.
Damn it!
Have your epic fails
not been epic enough?
Try giving your smoothie
a kick with an M-80 berry.
If it can clean a golf club,
imagine what it
can do for teeth.
♪
Roger is about to learn,
when you snooze, you lose.
Aah!
♪
-Wait. Is that...
-It can't be...
-Is it?
-Stan Smith.
Curly?
I thought I'd never
see you again.
Curly, I traveled
a long way to see you.
Traveling
is a violation.
Curly's ball
on the porch.
So they got you all
the way out here, huh?
Yeah, we stay isolated
in case another
Space Jam happens
and they need us
to defeat the Monstars.
So I hear you remember
those dribbling tricks
I taught you.
Well, my dazzle catch
was slow to -- Hold on.
We can't just sit here
like friends.
You guys abandoned me.
You kicked me out of your camp.
Oh, Stan,
there's no such thing
as Globetrotter camp.
-What?!
We had just played a show.
And as we were leaving,
we saw you waiting
for your dad.
An usher told us he had pounded
a Sprite, burped the words
"Time for some strange,"
and jogged off into the night.
We offered to take you home,
but you didn't know
where you lived.
My dad said it was important
I never know our address
in case I was ever captured
and tortured by people
looking for him.
Well, that didn't sound
like a great scene to us,
so we took you on the road
and told you it was camp.
And you trotted
around the globe with us
on a bus up
and down I-70.
But 4 weeks later,
your dad showed up,
and we had
to give you back.
Except you didn't
like that idea.
No, I'm staying
with you guys.
Well, you can't, because...
We don't want you
around, okay?!
Go on,
get out of here!
I said,
"Get out of here"!
♪
So you just said
that stuff
to make me go back
to my dad.
It was the hardest thing
I've ever done.
We all missed you
so much.
We even tried to adopt you,
but 12 black men
asking for custody
of a young white boy
wasn't a slam dunk
back then.
Or even now, probably.
You don't know how helpful
you've been to me, Curly.
Come back anytime, Stan.
That won't be necessary.
♪
Guess I can say goodbye
to my separation anxiety
because the Globetrotters
didn't abandon me.
My dad did,
which is way worse
'cause that ain't
never going away.
Oh, God,
not that guy again.
♪
You almost killed us.
I was taking your notes.
The fails
are so epic now.
Traffic is up,
so is ad revenue.
People are actually
watching this?
Hundreds!
And you can make money
from it?
Thousands.
It will take more than just
shouting numbers
to get me on board.
Millions!
Well, you called
my bluff, I'm in.
♪
Hi.
I've realized that,
due to my crippling,
father-induced
separation anxiety,
I can no longer be
a reliable member of the team.
Is there a process for becoming
a lone-wolf agent?
I'd like to stop Demetrius Pertz
all by myself,
without my daddy
or anyone.
You'll have to sign
these lone-wolf forms.
Doing what you're told?
You're no lone wolf.
Lone wolves are rebels,
playing by their own rules.
Look at the name
I signed.
Butts McButts.
♪ All I do is win, win, win ♪
♪ No matter what ♪
♪ Got money on my mind,
I can never get enough ♪
♪
Demetrius Pertz.
And this time, I'm ready.
The only person I can
get killed is myself.
Well,
you're halfway there.
♪
See, Klaus?
This is what you get
when you work with us
on the epic fails.
They're just as epic,
but none of us are bleeding
on either the outside
or the inside.
Time to go downstairs
to do the laundry.
Can't think of anything safer.
Whoa!
I'ma dunk
this basketball, for reals.
Movie time!
I hope it's not a scary one.
Ugh! I got a burnt one.
It's so bad, I don't even want
to listen to my catchphrase.
What was bad about it?
Everything.
All those clumsy camera cuts
to hide how fake it was.
Klaustastrophe.tv is over.
Thanks a lot, idiots.
I don't understand.
I did eat that spider.
Why did we cut away from that?
Actually tasted okay, like a
hairy croissant full of blood.
I apologize for
the scratchy ropes.
I bought them
on scratchyropes.com.
I thought it was a joke.
I was like, "No one is
gonna pay full price
for scratchy ropes,"
but here we are.
They got my money,
and you got scratchy ropes.
Anyway, I got a sidewinder
missile sale to finish.
So you're going to
abandon me, too?
Don't worry.
I'll be back in a minute
to kill you.
Whatever.
Go do your thing
that's so important.
This is the worst.
If this rope was any scratchier,
it would be overseen by
the state lottery commission.
Ha ha!
If I had a team with me, someone
would have laughed at that.
You do have a team
with you, Stan.
That just wasn't
very funny.
Curly!
How did you guys find me?
With a little help
from the tracking chip
I implanted in your neck
while I was putting
the visualizer on you.
We may not have caused
your problems,
Stan,
but we can help fix it.
Then come with me,
old men and Dr. Ray.
We've got an arms deal
to stop.
♪
Any chance
any of you are armed?
Just with athletic ability
and a passion for entertainment.
Right!
Right.
Grenade!
Magic circle!
♪
Wait, guys,
get rid of it.
♪
Okay, that's nice.
Goose,
you still got it, man.
Okay, big finish now.
Now, now, now, now, now!
♪
Again! Do it again!
Okay, so we make a circle.
-No!
-Boo!
Sorry, Stan, turns out we're not
much of a rescue party.
How about
one last magic circle?
Goodbye, guys.
Thanks for being there
for me.
Is anybody hit?
-No.
The circle really
is magic!
Yes, it magically
took credit for me
shooting
all these bad guys.
Sir!
How did you find me?
I had you chipped.
You're remarkably easy
to chip.
There are,
like, seven in you.
But why?
I quit the team.
Don't be a dumbass, Stan.
You'll always be
part of the team.
Then you'll die together!
Thanks, Coach!
Don't thank me,
thank rolling.
♪
Look, guys, I'm -- I'm sorry
I yelled at you before.
I mean, the website
isn't that important.
So, I scraped together
a few bucks
for a little apology party
if you're interested.
Grab a seat.
Dig in.
Epic fail!
What the hell, Klaus?
Your junk was so lame.
This is the primo stuff
that goes right into
the public's veins.
Yes!
Whoa!
Nein!
Aah!
Oh, no.
My cup.
I need water,
or I'll die.
What are we supposed to do?
Spit on me.
It's not enough.
I need more liquid.
You'll have to...
Whoa. That's where
your pee comes out?
-Sometimes.
-Wait, is the camera still on?
Turn it off!
Don't film this!
My turn.
♪
So I guess what I'm saying is,
even though I discovered
yet another way
my dad really screwed me up,
I realized I don't have to worry
about being abandoned.
There are people in my life
who love and care about me
and will always be there
for me --
the Harlem Globetrotters
and my friends from work.
The pattern of abandonment
has been broken.
Where is Steve?
Look, Steve,
there's no such thing
as Sesame Street on Ice camp.
Your dad just abandoned
you at the arena.
No, I want to stay
with you guys.
Well, you can't.
Because...
we don't
want you around, okay?!
Go on,
get out of here!
I said,
"Get out of here"!
♪
It's okay, Marcus.
It's okay.
We've got four other kids
in the van
that nobody is coming for.
Bye-bye!
See you soon!
-- Captions by VITAC --